After the restoration of the Hollow Wood, the thought would be that the place would be safer and have to be rediscovered. It's still as dangerous though, it's only gotten slightly worse as time has gone on. The more the forest is engaged with the more its become dangerous. Report from scouts have not increased recently. The knowledge of movements and the scope of what's going on in the Hollow Wood definitely has in the last few months. These orcs and goblins have always been an issue in The Black Coast and surrounding. The Queen ordered the peace in the Hollow Wood region be kept. Scouting has therefore increased, even before we came. She has known of these types of Goblins and Orcs for quite a while, survivor's stories, missing people, all of it passes through Falcon Point. Interest from companies has increased in Falcon Point. Lumber and resource companies. Adventuring guilds. All of it has increased recently. The danger that these forces have posed have become more and more relevant due to the infestation of these groups in the forest. Even minor extraction has been seen as a risk not worth taking. Usually minor outposts were allowed but were non sustainable. Things in the Hollow Wood region are changing rapidly. Centralization of power will move to the mountains nearby possibly. The influence of these goblins and orcs are beyond the forest itself. They are attacking beyond the forest itself. Outskirt attacks have not reduced with development. Homesteads and farms on the outskirts have been worse for wear. Hag's rest presumably is even more dangerous than here. The orcs are known, and they have been trying to deal with them. 3 Locations are important to this. One of them is the place we discovered. Why they are cutting down so many trees recently is not understood yet. The wood is being moved. The other two locations are more interesting. To the south and the west, not in this forest. One is in the mountains, and one is within the boundaries of Cetrus.
1. The Lumber Camp (found), capturing people and resources
2. North -> Mountain stronghold (ruins), overrun by faction of orcs and goblins - major staging point and fairly dangerous. An ancient dwarven ruin, with reason to believe there is a great blacksmith. A fairly large blacksmith inside.
3. West -> camp on the river that leads down all the way north to the west of vintersul
They have wreaked havoc and have done a good job of a few things. Logistics, striking to say the least. They are very well organized and do patrols. This is sophisticated. 

Deeper inside the forest it is not safe to travel. Clearing the marsh is still the goal of the Marchess and therefore the goal of Falcon Point. It's not dangerous just because of orcs and goblins, there have been reports of elves deeper into the forest, some of which are very very strange. They are bestial. Not normal or even a wood elf. They have tusks, brow ridges, large bulky bodies. Other elves are also seen but vague and distant. 

We met [[Melanyr]] while re-entering the Hollow Wood to further eliminate the logging camp. She helped us do so and we have gotten along very well.