50/50 

This book is in Elven, After completion the reader learns of Merinthian and of Stryf. They also learn a basic history of the Elven Empire.

**Learned Info:**
This was written by a collection of people. It speaks of [[The Elven Calendar]]. It describes the length of the dynasties, giving an idea of how long the Elven Empire was actually around. It was between 7000 - 15000 years. It doesn't name anyone but it associates people with objects, or natural things. One person may be called a squirrel, another a bird, signifying each ruler. It explains this as being a way to save time. During the Second Age, The Age of The Elves, early on in the period a ruler named "Elk" created a structure underground, a complex, that he named Merinthian. This complex is a library. The writers speculate that this structure is out there, having been searched for by many. Much of the reason it hasn't been found, is because no one has enough Ayrd to access it should they even find it. Merinthian was a library of the coming of ages, a royal library. The book believes that much of Elven history is down here, and many have gone looking for it and none have found it. 

**About Stryf**
There was a young Elven adventure named Baragyn. Describes as skilled with a blade and with magic. He had come home from a long trek into the Underdark and claimed to have found the library. And he came back to a place called "The Crystal", telling that he found Merinthian. Telling them it was not as grand as they spoke. But a room, with much knowledge there. Baragyn took the knowledge from the place and hid them away. People asked to see the books, but Baragyn said that if he was to reveal the books it would change the way the Empire sees itself. He took some of the books and he locked them away. He died with the knowledge of where he left them. People have scoured everywhere to find it. They even looked inside his "keepsakes". No one has found them, except for one thing: recently, by the date of the book, a piece from a mysterious novel washed up on the shore in the Isles of Israthel. The Israthelians said that the piece was made of magic and that it was all still legible despite the water. They read it, and it was a piece believed to be from a book from Merinthian. They used magic to restore the entire book from the piece. Through that, they discovered something. Baragyn wasn't lying. They found out about Stryf. They found out something that one of the Elven Mages, they speak of high reverence to. Using the prefix "Jal'tas Mortalis", only used for the highest of important people. He discovered that both evil and good have to exist. That's what this book talked about. The book was archived in a place called Merinthian. This sent shockwaves through the empire. This means the great adventurer must have destroyed all of the books, except for this ledger at the back of the book that was found. The Dryk'Ethil'Icon (translated to The Complexion of The World Written into book.). It spoke of every single book that was ever in Merinthian. Every single book in Mertinhian had this index so if any of them got lost, the entire collection could be reunited. Dryk'Ethil'Icon was a scroll that was written out, it speaks about how every single book in Merinthian was a scroll. There were a total of 9 other scrolls, making 10 total. Dryk'Ethil'Icon was hidden away in the Isles of Israthel. It sparked a legend "The 9 Scrolls of Merinthian" or "The Elden Scrolls" or in Elven "Eldyn'Syl Tor'Merinithian". The person who read the Dryk'Ethil'Icon hid it, because it did something to them slowly. The person gained a potential immense ability in magic, and their Aryd went up immensely. Because the Dryk'Ethil'Icon had part of the soul of Jal'tas Mortalis was left in it. He was a demi-god. One other thing happened however, they went blind because the sheer power of the text on the pieces of Dryk'Ethil'Icon blinded them, the magic itself sundered their eyes, destroyed them. This raises a question about Baragyn: "How could he have read any of the scrolls and not gone blind?". And yet another question was raised: "Where are the other 9 Elden Scrolls?". If they had the power they did, they were very very valuable. Because of the side-effect of the Dryk'Ethil'Icon went insane. Their mind was slowly destroyed, leading to them committing very evil acts. This is known as Stryf. This degradation that they felt, they called it Stryf. It refers to the degradation of an Elf's connection to nature, which kills elves or makes them go crazy. The person who read it was a child, a young child, of not fully Elven blood. The people that knew about this, thought that the normal Elf would be able to absorb the knowledge without Stryf. 

**At the end of the book, changes everything**
Merinthian was found again by the people who wrote the book. They spoke about having seen 10 scrolls inside the ancient library. The historians didn't touch any of them. They did however, leave a hint as to their location: "On the first night of Aethras within the Season of splendor (autumn). a full moon will rise atop the mount of Lune, at its peak is knowledge."

There are also a few loose pages that fall out like envelopes (in a newer kind of Elven):
- Talks about the person (Maraegar) reading the book and coming to grips with it, how they went into it, and into the library at the mount of Lune, with no scrolls there except for a tattered scroll. He tried to read that scroll. This was dated 50 years ago. He didn't have the magic capable to restore it. He is holding it within his collection. He spent the last 50 years researching into these things, having found some connections to other kin's histories that might lead something (according to him). "In the Kingdom of Riviona, there is a legend. On the mount of Drakkarthor lies a home of darkness. Inside, he believes there to be one." He says he will go, then it speaks of his home. He lived in a spire on the south point he calls "Umbermoor", and how he must go north.
- He underlines something he calls the "Blood of Kings". He speculates that in Elven society, some Elves had a special kind of blood that was ancient and more important. And this was their godly right to rule, and he speculates that they were usurped and that is why they no longer rules. He then says "Be damned the kin of impurity who have bestowed upon us doom and death, our great empire could create mere scrolls able to grant powers of semidivinity, and the impure Mon'kai and Oruk leave us with bloodlines tattered, the "Man" should they even be dignified to even be called that LEAD to our destruction, it is i who will restore the old ways. i will restore our divine blood with my own."